README.md, before:

# SimplePets by RandomTomato

Welcome to the SimplePets Wiki, Information on various aspects of my
plugin is provided below.

## Pet Rarities

There are currently 5 rarities in SimplePets, these include;

1. Common
2. Rare
3. Super Rare
4. Legendary
5. Mythical

Each rarity can either be obtained randomly through purchasing a random pet
or directly by clicking on the specific rarity.

## List of Available Pets

#### Common
1. Rabbit Pet
2. Bee Pet
3. Ladybug Pet
4. Pig Pet
5. Fish Pet
#### Rare
1. Horned Beetle Pet
2. Baby Chick Pet
3. Villager Pet
#### Super Rare
1. Mr Penguin Pet
2. Magnet Pet
#### Legendary
1. Lion Pet
2. Giraffe Pet
3. Knight Pet
#### Mythical
1. Unicorn Pet
2. Gamer Pet

## Abilities

Rabbit Pet - **Jump Boost** - Grants the player jump boost.

Bee Pet - **Flower Power** - Gives the player a random flower.

Ladybug Pet - **Regeneration** - Gives the player regneration.

Pig Pet - **Shaken Bacon** - Spawns falling pigs.

Fish Pet - **Gills** - Grants the player water breathing

Horned Beetle Pet - **Charge** - Throws the player in a charge type motion.

Baby Chick Pet - **Slowfall** - Allows the player to fall slowly for a few seconds.

Villager Pet - **Trade** - Allows the player to view random trades

Mr Penguin Pet - **Snowball Shotgun** - Shoots snowballs like a shotgun.

Magnet Pet - **Magnetize** - Picks up all items around the player.

Lion Pet - **Roar** - Kills all mobs in a 5 block radius (excludes players).

Giraffe Pet - **Digestion** - Allows the eating of leaves and gives random items to the player.

Knight Pet - **Warcry** - Grants the player speed, strength and resistance

Unicorn Pet - **Fly** - Allows flight for a few moments.

Gamer Pet - **Gamer Moment** - Shows all nearby ores and illuminates them.

Commit message:

New Pet (Cake Pet)
Added cake pet to the list of pets

README.md, after:

# SimplePets by RandomTomato

Welcome to the SimplePets Wiki, Information on various aspects of my
plugin is provided below.

## Pet Rarities

There are currently 5 rarities in SimplePets, these include;

1. Common
2. Rare
3. Super Rare
4. Legendary
5. Mythical

Each rarity can either be obtained randomly through purchasing a random pet
or directly by clicking on the specific rarity.

## List of Available Pets

#### Common
1. Rabbit Pet
2. Bee Pet
3. Ladybug Pet
4. Pig Pet
5. Fish Pet
6. Cake Pet
#### Rare
1. Horned Beetle Pet
2. Baby Chick Pet
3. Villager Pet
#### Super Rare
1. Mr Penguin Pet
2. Magnet Pet
#### Legendary
1. Lion Pet
2. Giraffe Pet
3. Knight Pet
#### Mythical
1. Unicorn Pet
2. Gamer Pet

## Abilities

Rabbit Pet - **Jump Boost** - Grants the player jump boost.

Bee Pet - **Flower Power** - Gives the player a random flower.

Ladybug Pet - **Regeneration** - Gives the player regneration.

Pig Pet - **Shaken Bacon** - Spawns falling pigs.

Fish Pet - **Gills** - Grants the player water breathing.

Cake Pet - **Sugar Rush** - Sets the players hunger to full.

Horned Beetle Pet - **Charge** - Throws the player in a charge type motion.

Baby Chick Pet - **Slowfall** - Allows the player to fall slowly for a few seconds.

Villager Pet - **Trade** - Allows the player to view random trades.

Mr Penguin Pet - **Snowball Shotgun** - Shoots snowballs like a shotgun.

Magnet Pet - **Magnetize** - Picks up all items around the player.

Lion Pet - **Roar** - Kills all mobs in a 5 block radius (excludes players).

Giraffe Pet - **Digestion** - Allows the eating of leaves and gives random items to the player.

Knight Pet - **Warcry** - Grants the player speed, strength and resistance.

Unicorn Pet - **Fly** - Allows flight for a few moments.

Gamer Pet - **Gamer Moment** - Shows all nearby ores and illuminates them.
